body upright
Look ahead. Push
It seems that I will teach you well.
Emperor
Concubine Yuan's sister's swordsmanship has far surpassed ours
What if you pour it down again?
I'm afraid they can all go to war
I disagree with what Sister Shu Fei said
Under the rule of the emperor, the country is peaceful and the people are safe
Happiness for the people at home
Peace in foreign territories
How to battlefield
Furthermore, even if you have to fight
General Huo is brave and good at fighting
General Chen is able to command
General Guo is old and strong and has rich experience
Where can I get a weak girl like me?
The concubine learned swordsmanship just to see the emperor's old wounds and feel distressed
I just want to spend more time with him
Maybe I can protect the emperor in the future
You have the courage
But let me protect you
Yuan Fei is diligent and enterprising
A set of ivory bows and arrows for tribute to Myanmar
Thank you Emperor for the reward
This little bitch really bit into her mouth
I will kill him sooner or later